Before we move on to creating our trees Let's go ahead and label these new grass layers.
So we'll just call them grass
.
All right.
Great.
Now we can create our trees.
So let's open up our tree sketch.
And what I have here is I have a little test tree that I did and I'm just going to be using this for
color reference.
And that's why that's there.
So let's first add a new layer then using our Lasso tool will trace out the shape of our at least believe
part of our tree like so
let's fill it in with this orange.
There's this color right there.
And actually we're going to do a gradient.
So for our bottom color we're going to select this purple there's this color right there.
We use our gradient tool
going a different direction.
Great.
Now let's do that for the top part of our tree
before we move on we want to warp our the shape of our trees are going to go Comanche we have to select
it so select our shape then command T and then right click to bring up some options and we want to warpage
so all press work.
And now we can click and drag certain areas of our image and we can warp it into the shape that we want
.
What we're trying to achieve is we just want to give a little bit more of a organic curve
looks going.
Now we'll move on to the top part of our tree
.
We'll fill it in with our gradient
skin.
Now we're going to add a highlight to our trees so we're going to select the shapes and then we're going
to grab it and this yellow color
there is its color right there.
I guess it's actually more of an orange.
And then we're just going to paint the highlight on the top of our leaves
.
All right.
Looking good now we'll select our shape one more time and then we're going to grab this dark purple
.
There is this color right there and we're going to add a hard shadow to the bottom of our trees
Right now let's move on to the trunk.
So let's add a new layer underneath that.
And then using our brush tool and this color right here
we're going to just hand paint the trunks
it it looks like if we add some extra branches
I think that actually looks quite nice so I'm going to keep those.
All right.
Now the next step is we want to select the shape of our trunk and then using this color we are going
to add a new layer and fill in our trunk shape.
Sure you're on the paint bucket will fill that in and then we're going to use our razor and with a soft
edged razor and we're going to put the opacity down to two and we're going to just erase.
Start erasing the edges of our branches.
Now is the leaf part of our tree is going to be casting a big shadow so we're going to completely dark
shade out underneath the leaves.
And we're just going to continue doing this over and over again until we get a result that we like
.
Let's turn our opacity up to four
All right.
I think that looks good.
Let's move on to the next part of a branch and we'll zoom in so we can see better
.
Let's turn off our sketch so we can see it all by itself.
All right.
I think that looks good.
We're going to add a little bit more shadow on the trunks so select those shapes again
and then let's add a new layer and then using a dark blue
and let's make it d saturated.
So that's the color I'll be using right there.
We'll come back to our brush and we're just going to add a shadow underneath there.
So
unselect out of that.
But I think that looks good.
Just go ahead and do that for all the rest of the trees and then we can start placing them